Alrighty, so continuing with our
study to remind you that we have
two types of pictures that we
show you. Umm, this is a complex
scene. Imagine you're describing
the scene of someone who cannot
see the picture. Describe what
is happening and what you see in
this scene as thoroughly as
possible and take between three
and five minutes, OK?
This is number 9 and you can
start when you're ready.
Well, click on something.
At.
Ohh OK.
OK.
#START_wild_west OK, this
picture is about the Wild West.
I see a wild West saloon.
Yeah, up in the corner, a hotel.
Another saloon, general store.
The pioneer saloon.
Uh.
Another saloon, tame east
saloon, I think it says.
Another one and um.
Livery unstable.
Is um.
And some man is is climbing up
the ladder on the top putting
sign out and these people are
standing around looking at a
looks like they're looking at a.
Like a drive-in
Theater.
But they're standing up. They're
not in cars.
And uh, so now I see another
pioneer saloon, a bank.
Ohh a train.
And uh, people are basically
just standing around.
Looks like having, you know, one
big party or something.
Then I see a gold mine.
Looks like OK, yeah, 2 gold
mines, people going down in
there. A jail.
Umm.
Buffalo, but it looks like
Buffalo stamps.
They look like stamps, mhm.
And of course, people, horses.
Umm.
What else do I see?
Umm.
Yeah. Oh, and the bank.
People are on the roof.
Climbing up ladders.
Um.
And I don't know what this is.
Well, OK, OK. The livery stable.
So let me see. I see a horse in
a covered wagon.
Hmm.
Um, 2 cover wagons.
And.
That's it. #END_wild_west
OK, that was about 3 minutes. We
can OK this one.
So another complex scene.
You can start when you're ready.
This is the same one.
Oh, did you not see something
changed?
Yeah ohh OK.
Oh, it takes a while, OK.
#START_being_a_pirate OK, these
are pirate ships.
And.
I see one big pirate ship.
Surrounded by little boats,
lifeboats I'm assuming, and with
people in them.
And uh.
Then there's another pirate
ship.
With a with people in a boat.
And I also see somebody crawl.
Crawling across the sail.
That the you know the wooden
part and.
And um.
And I see another pirate ship
with people in blue. They all
have on blue shirts. They then
people in boats and octopus.
And then I see a shore.
{Where? Wait a minute, hold on a
minute, OK?
Stop.
My cat just wants my attention.
Umm.}
OK, I OK, on shore there's a I
see palm trees.
And um.
All the little boats seem to be
heading for the shore.
And um.
That's it. And people, of
course.
{Is that long enough? That was
about 2 1/2 minutes, so.
OK, so.}
Let me see. I see um.
Ohh, cannons blowing off.
And.
Umm.
That's. Hmm. I don't see nothing
else. #END_being_a_pirate OK,
well, then we can go on. OK.
Now you're going to see a
graphic novel, which is a series
of pictures that tell a story.
So describe what you see and
what is happening as you go
through the story and take
between 10 to 15 minutes. So
this this one has about 5 pages.
OK.
#START_arrival_1 OK, first let's
see a picture of.
Man, woman and child.
And then somebody takes this
picture off the wall.
And is wrapping it up because I
see the hand and the next
picture they're wrapping it.
And.
And the next picture I see.
Them tying it up.
And putting it in a suitcase.
Closing this suitcase.
Uh, OK, Ty, tightening the belt
around a suitcase.
And.
Getting ready to go on a trip,
I'm assuming.
OK.
Now I see a origami bird.
A clock.
Hat and coat hanging up on the
wall.
A pot and a spoon.
A drawn picture by a child.
Um.
A man and her, the person who
wrote drew it. A teapot.
A cup.
And pictures, one picture of a
boat or a luxury liner.
Then the next picture is. This
is the suitcase.
And picture we saw in the first
one, man, woman and child.
And OK, so this picture shows
where all of those things go.
In this picture, and he is and
his wife is helping him.
Um.
Pack. helping her back help
helping him pack.
Yeah.
OK, so now I see a woman asleep
with the covers on her face. Or
a child. Yeah now there's a
child.
And then the child peeps over
the cover.
Yawn and rubs their eye.
Now she's sitting at the table
eating breakfast.
Here, she's sitting at the
table, still eating breakfast.
But then notices, um, the
suitcase.
Up against the wall.
Then her dad is putting on a
hat.
The mom is putting on her scarf.
She's putting on a hat.
Her boots.
Coat.
And.
Her father's reaching for her
hand.
Now in this picture I see the
three of them are going
somewhere with the suitcase.
And a Dragon's tail.
A shadow of a Dragon's tail.
OK, OK, so the little girl's
walking. She looks up.
To the sky, then she looks
forward.
Then she looks to her left.
This big picture is of a train.
People with suitcases waiting
for the train.
Which I'm sure that's what
they're what they're getting
ready to go.
On the train or he is.
OK, then he's talking to his
daughter. She's looking at him.
He takes his hat off and has the
origami bird, and then he gives
it to her.
So he gives it to her. She's,
um, I guess, to remember him by
while while he's gone.
And, um, they hug.
Then the little girl holds the
is still holding the bird. The
mom is crying.
Because they're not going with
them. They hug.
He's whispering something in her
ear.
Then he gets on the train with
the suitcase, the three of them.
Are holding hands, saying
goodbye, then they have to let
go. Then he gets on the train,
yeah, gets on the train. And the
train is moving now. And in this
last one, the train is out of
sight. You can still see the
smoke.
OK, this is the picture of the
man, woman, mom, dad and the
little girl.
He's eating.
More than likely, he got to his
destination and he's eating.
And looking at the picture.
And then in the next picture,
looks like he's missing them.
And in this picture is the him
and the porthole.
Like somebody might be looking
at them.
And this way same thing, only
smaller.
And then there's three
portholes.
Here there's 2,4,6,8,9,10,11,12
portholes.
And so and then the ship is
showing the ship and the ship is
in the middle of the ocean.
#END_arrival_1
OK, so that was this part of the
story. OK, so then we're going
back to a complex scene.
#START_by_the_lake OK, these are
people having fun.
In the lake.
I see a volleyball.
I mean.
Yeah, volleyball. Net.
Um, a beach umbrella.
People, of course, somebody with
a surfboard.
The piece there's people in the
water.
There's somebody in the water.
On one of those rafts, just
relaxing. And I see a few boats,
little boats.
Rowboat.
And um.
Then there's some type of
platform with a bunch of kids on
it.
So I you swim out to that and
you get on that and oh, I also
see.
Hmm.
OK. I don't know what this is.
Maybe that maybe they're jet
skiing.
And of course, the houses
around. Sailboats.
Uh, somebody is. I mean, they
build a pyramid.
And and I guess they're being
pulled by a boat.
Then I see another ski
Water skier.
And then over here I see, OK, I
see a boat with the head of a
dragon.
Um.
A sandcastle on this on the
land. I see a sandcastle.
Umm.
Look like some, no no.
OK, I see a table.
A kite, dog.
Um.
A boat.
That I guess she's getting ready
to push out into the water, or
they are. And up here, two
people riding a bike.
Another beach umbrella.
And people sitting at a picnic
table.
Watching all the festivities.
That's it. #END_by_the_lake
OK, next one.
#START_ancient_rome OK.
Ancient Rome OK, so.
It looks like.
Hmm, it looks like they're doing
something in this ring.
Then they have people standing
around looking. I see a lion,
lions, three of them climbing up
this. That's a 4 or 5 anyway,
climbing up. Oh, I see what
they're doing. They're making a
pyramid so they can climb on
each other and and get out.
And I see somebody.
Hmm. I don't know what he's
doing, but somebody has his
feet.
This guy has a either spear or
broom or something in his hand.
And I see horses. A horse.
Oh yeah, in the back of the.
The little chariot thing.
With the people pulling them.
instead of the way around and I
see people with pitchforks.
And tigers.
Or.
Not tigers.
Leopards, I guess, because they
have spots and.
Horses pulling another chariot.
More lions.
Umm.
Hmm. Two sword fighting, two
people sword fighting.
A lion.
Up against the wall.
Waiting for those two guys, I
guess, and.
Hmm.
I think that's it.
#END_ancient_rome
OK.
Here's a different one.
OK.
#START_campsite OK, this is.
Looks like some kind of water.
Hmm.
Well, up top looks like a mobile
Home Park.
And um, people walking around.
And then you have people on the
sidewalk, somebody's fishing.
Two mermaids I see.
Then I see a boat.
It's like a tugboat and somebody
is on a bike.
A dog.
Then tents.
And over here I see a.
Like a boat, one, the kind you
blow up.
And.
Hmm.
Oh, I see. Some people, they
look like they might be part of.
They they might be staff, part
of the thing. Over here I'm
seeing.
Some animals, but I can't make
out what they are. I think
that's a dog.
I don't know what I think.
That's a bull.
Yeah, somebody waving red in
front of them.
And.
That's it. Everybody's pretty
much just walking around.
I do see some people crawling
actually too. #END_campsite
Yeah, OK.
So this one is the longest one
we have is a graphic novel.
OK, yeah, has around 44 pages.
#START_wanderer OK, you got a
two men, one is in a costume.
Making a fold in a big piece of
paper.
And.
And so they're folding this
paper together.
Making a.
Hmm, sailboat maybe?
Or hat? Sailor's hat or
something.
And then in the big picture, I'm
seeing the.
A boat.
Underneath it, you see the fan.
And I don't know what that thing
is in the middle. And sails,
rolled up sails.
And um.
Oh, and the little hat they
just.
Put together is is in the
background.
Hmm.
OK, here I'm seeing seagulls.
Water.
And the hat.
And that's it, yeah.
So now the hat.
It's further out into the sea. I
see the birds.
Turtles.
And then the hat is.
is floating to a whale.
Umm.
OK.
I don't know if that's a whale
or a dolphin, but the hat is on
its.
On its fin.
And I see as that looks like a
swordfish eating.
Getting ready to eat
Whatever that is right there.
And then over here I'm seeing
all kinds of vegetation that
grows in the sea.
And fish.
And here, OK, I'm still seeing
that hat.
Over school of fish.
And they're over vegetation.
Another fish. A seahorse.
Another fish.
Two other fish.
Fish and and vegetation.
And same. OK, yeah.
Now I'm seeing the hat.
Something is crawling up to it.
And.
Sea horses.
I don't know what those two
things are, but striped fish.
Umm.
Vegetation.
2.
Fish kissing.
And uh, and more fish. And over
here I see. OK, now I see a.
Umm, fishing pole coming out of
the boat shaped like a hat.
And other fish he caught one and
other fish and.
Vegetation.
OK here.
Hmm.
OK, I see fish here, the boat.
Another fish, checkerboard fish.
Fish with stripes.
Big and little.
And vegetation and over here I
see.
Something is going up into the
boat or either coming out of the
boat.
That's it.
OK, here I see. Um.
Trees.
With.
Some kind of animal.
Hmm.
Bird rather, look like birds.
And then you have the the boat.
It still has the checkerboard
seahorse in it, and I'm also
seeing flowers.
OK, here I see a tree or Bush.
With uh.
The cranes or whatever those
are.
And palm trees.
Vegetation. Fish.
These fish have glowing eyes.
Then there's the boat.
And trees on I I guess on top of
the water over the water.
OK. Umm.
I see fish with glowing eyes,
birds with glowing eyes. Another
bird is on the branch looking at
them.
Trees, the boat.
And other glowy eye fish.
Umm.
OK, the boat with the
checkerboard.
Seahorse, or whatever that is.
OK, so vegetation, then I see a.
Another seahorse it looks like
to me and.
Ohh riding a.
I don't know what that is.
I think that's, that might be a
shrimp. OK. And then more of
fish, more glowing eyes, more
checkerboard seahorses, and then
the hat is over here.
Umm.
That's it.
OK, here I see a whale.
With
Have smoking a pipe with half of
his, well the top of his head.
Up over the body, up over the
water, I mean. Birds on his
head. The little hat boat.
And.
Birds.
down below.
And then here I see the the hat
boat.
A radio looks like.
On a fishing pole.
Now I don't know what this
creature is. Some kind of
creature.
And he is standing on.
Look like a bunch of boats.
That fell into the water at some
point.
OK, now I'm seeing.
I guess we're over the water
now. Let's see, butterflies.
Umm.
Of fish and other fish.
Snake.
A cat.
The hat.
And other fish. And over here
I'm seeing.
I think that's the moon bats.
Elephant with extra long trunk.
Um.
Two of them. One looks like a
baby elephant. And then another
seahorse or horse.
And.
Leopard.
And that's it.
OK, the boat hat, it's night
time now. I see the moon and
it's dark. So.
With the the glow and the with
the glowy eye fish in the water,
he's on top of the water and
stars in the sky.
Hmm.
OK.
OK, bunch of the glow
Fish and um, the hat is.
In the middle of all of that,
all of them.
OK, and here I see.
Hmm.
Well, stars, it's still in night
time. I don't know what this is.
I don't know if it's raining,
but something is in the in the
sky.
And of course I see other fish
the boat had.
And or hat, boat and more fish
in the water.
OK, this looks like an iceberg.
The top of the iceberg.
And um.
The boat hat and the other side
is more of the iceberg.
OK, this looks like a cave and
the boat hat is going into the
into it.
And I know something's in the
sky. I don't know what that is.
And on this side it's.
Yeah, the the boat is still
continuing through this cave.
OK, so then you get to.
Um.
More icebergs I guess.
And you see the, the, the, the
hat boat.
And.
I don't know what this is. Looks
like some kind of vegetation
coming up out the water. Then
over here you see.
Looks like a scuba diver.
But judging from his hands, this
is a fish.
And um.
There's a tentacles coming.
From these flowers.
And.
Oh, and of course, the boat.
And um.
I don't know what this is, but
something write with the 05.
Oh yeah, OK. And another scuba
diver, I think.
OK.
OK, we got the flower, the boat.
A big ship, luxury liner. Uh,
two of them.
And this one is either lowering
their Nets.
Or pulling them out. So these
are fishing boats I take it. And
then of course more seagulls.
And trees.
OK, Birds, trees.
Water.
The boat.
And.
Hmm.
Uh.
This looks like a building.
And and judging from the net.
They are fishing.
Black stuff coming out of the
pipes of the boat or whatever
this is.
And more birds and water and
trees.
OK, now you got men.
Looking out of the.
Whatever these are, shooting at
the fish.
OK, then I see an anchor.
Then here I see the moon.
I guess it's clouds.
The scuba fish standing on.
Looks like a submarine or fish
shaped like a submarine and then
the the boat.
Umm.
OK, here trees.
Uh, the scuba diver, the hat.
Water.
Horses, spotted horses, or a
spotted horse.
Um, on the submarine.
I see a cat.
And this thing with one horn, I
don't know what that is.
OK, and a ant by the antlers. I
take it that's a deer.
OK.
OK, here this is a wave.
And the hat is caught in the
wave.
So.
And over here I have.
a kite, torn kite.
Which somebody
I guess trying to fix it, the
cat is bringing string to the to
the person. This horn guy is
here.
Horse.
Scuba diver.
And fish with the glowing eyes
and some other creatures I
can't. I don't know what they
what they're called.
OK, started to storm because I
see lightning.
Trees or clouds, water and the
boat.
And then I guess the.
Looks like the boat is flying or
being lifted with the air.
And so, yeah.
More water.
OK, now the.
The boat is.
Headed for a whole bunch of.
I believe these are snakes and
then one of them picks up the
boat.
And I don't know what he's gonna
do with it. Then here the.
One of the snakes is and is.
I don't know what he's doing,
but he's doing something and
then here you have the boat.
Umm.
2.
Uh.
Some kind of fish.
And still in.
Entwined with the snakes.
OK, now here you got the.
Um.
Hmm, I'm gonna say this scuba
fish without a scuba equipment
on.
Then there's the boat.
And um.
In the water, I think that's the
boat and I see this water, then
I see these, this one creature.
Blowing water.
Into the boat, then something
next to him.
And then I I see all kinds of
debris, bottles and paper and
cans in the sand.
Umm.
OK, here I see.
OK, these look like mushrooms.
And the boat.
Then over here more.
Mushrooms and some stripe thing.
OK, the boat is.
And with a a school of the fish
with the glowing eyes and.
Then there's oh, there's another
boat just like that one.
And then, uh, you have a whole
bunch of fish.
OK, here I'm seeing.
OK, there's a light shining.
That or the sun I I'm taking it,
shining down.
On these 3, 3, 3 creatures, I
don't know what they're doing.
And then over here.
You have.
Hmm.
Like fireflies, but only
underwater I guess. And then a
submarine and then one of the
snake fishes.
And here you have the submarine
fish.
Because it has fins and a tail,
so.
And the boat is on top.
And fish at the bottom, and then
there's a boat with people in
it.
Birds.
Snakefish.
And then the boat is off in a
little corner.
OK, now you get seals.
And one of them has the boat.
And where you see clouds.
And the water line.
And vegetation and striped fish.
OK, here you got two boats.
Uh.
Looks like squid.
Vegetation.
Zebrafish.
Spotted fish, striped fish.
And a scuba diver.
And I see um.
Some kind of contraption coming
out of the the.
One eye.
In uh diamonds, in the shape of
diamonds.
Hmm. That's it.
OK, seagulls.
I'm not sure what they're
called. One of those things that
go back and forth in the water.
With a light and a lighthouse.
There's a man on the.
In front of the lighthouse, a
boat in the back, another boat
on the other side.
Two hat boats out.
{OK. Go ahead.
You can continue, OK} and.
Scuba diver.
I don't know what that is.
And another striped fish. OK,
now I'm finished.
OK, this is that looks like a a
a bridge.
And.
And OK, it's over water.
And I think I see the
lighthouse.
Boat with a bunch of sails,
another sailboat, and then the
boat with the.
The stack where the smoke comes
out.
OK, here's a boat.
I see the anchor.
The hat.
A little boat.
A sailfish sailboat.
And.
And you see the fish underneath
it, you see the city off in the
background.
Hmm.
OK, here is.
A fish wearing some kind of
outfit and a man is on one of
those big cranes to go up to
look him in the face, I guess.
You got men on the on the boat.
Umm.
And then another one of those
cones in the water.
Over here.
Umm.
I think I'm seeing two boats,
but I guess they're docked.
Because the people are standing
around, getting ready to get in
the boat. Then of course I see
the the the hat.
And yeah, that's it.
OK, here I see.
The cranes raising up.
Carrying things from one point
to the other.
And I see a street sign.
Uh, the dock.
The the building. Another
building.
And this and the hat boat.
And over here I see two men
talking to each other.
The crane.
Has a ball in it with a person
or is that a ball? Well, no,
maybe not. OK, yeah, maybe it
is. And the bottom of it is
shaped like a boat.
I mean a fish.
OK, so over here. Clouds,
buildings.
Birds, a flag.
Umm.
They're either put picking up or
lowering something that they
caught. Men.
A dog, the boat.
And uh.
Over here I'm seeing a building.
Couple of buildings. Striped, I
guess that's a sail.
The boat, the hat boat, and.
I guess this. I don't know what
this is but something.
Another building and birds and
water.
OK, now I see a.
Fish.
Flying fish.
With uh.
I don't know what that is.
Antenna or something coming out
of his.
Out of him.
Flying over buildings.
And water.
And.
That's it. It there's the hat
boat and other birds, tugboat.
And that's it.
OK, now here I see the guy with
the horn on a horse.
Uh, going up some steps.
A cat.
The striped
Sails, I guess.
Something with stars on it.
And something with.
Look like a clam. Uh, what do
you call it? Clams, I guess and
and with a ladder leading away
from it.
And then you have.
The the deer.
The.
Umm. I don't know clown fish,
that's what I want to call it,
and then the checkerboard kind
of fish.
Scuba diver.
And the hat.
And over here a building. The
water is going through this
building.
People. I see people.
And I see.
Some guy sitting on the steps.
Looks like he's smoking a
cigarette.
Striped fish.
Scuba diving equipment.
And.
And nets.
And that and the stars in the
sky.
Hmm.
OK, stars in the sky, moon,
trees, Street lamps.
Houses.
Umm.
OK, the fish with the glow eyes.
Uh, another fish. I mean another
boat.
And this thing with the.
Checkered pattern and I don't
know what that is. Then the the
hat boat, then a house off in
the background.
Steps.
That's it {All right. This is
our last page.}
OK. Umm.
A house with the street light
stars in the sky, trees.
Hat boat.
Then hat boat with some looks
like something is either behind
it or in it.
And.
Then this thing comes out.
And goes up the steps and it
looks like the hat boat
disappeared.
And then I see feet, so he's
getting ready to talk to
somebody. So there's people at
the top of the steps.
#END_wanderer
Umm, OK, that was the story.
Hmm. We're going back to a
complex scene.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo OK,
there it is a zoo.
Um.
I see the lions.
A Gopher.
People.
Rhinoceros, giraffe.
Some guy selling hot dogs, a
woman pushing her baby.
Hippopotamus.
Zebras. I guess that's a duck.
Flamingos. I guess that's what
those are.
Chipmunk with a striped tail.
Polar bears.
Umm.
Hmm. In the middle here, I guess
is an ice castle.
And.
And then you have the people
that work there, they're dressed
in uniform directing the people
and.
Umm.
OK. And you know, kids running
around.
And some kids is trying to feed
the.
The giraffe or the deer or
whatever this is some potato
chips.
Ice cream, I see ice cream.
Cafe.
A gift shop.
Umm.
Trees, buildings in the
background, or I I even see
gorillas. OK, and.
That's it.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
OK.
Umm.
So now let's take a break.
So this next one is a part of a
graphic novel. Again, it has 2
pages to describe what is
happening as you go through the
story.
#START_arrival_3 OK, this one.
Umm.
A little kid.
Or teenager or whatever is.
Looks like he's selling papers
on the street.
And I see men around him reading
paper.
And this one I see two women.
One is holding a cat.
And the next one is some guy is
at the Barber shop.
His son is there, and then
there's like snails on the floor
walking around.
But here is the guy.
Look like they're on the street.
He's playing a.
Um.
One of those hand or accordion,
that's what it's called, and the
other person is playing a
violin.
With birds on the on the ground.
Then over here you have a guy
with some kind of cart.
With some creatures in in it in
baskets.
And the next picture is.
A man and a woman.
With giant eggs.
In a in a wooden box.
And then the next one.
Women sitting around.
Hmm.
Talking, I guess.
One of them is knitting, the
other one is holding an animal,
a girl is holding animal.
I see a bucket or something on
the ground.
And here is.
The man with the suitcase.
And he looks, he looks puzzled,
like he don't he doesn't know
where to go.
I'll see somebody on a bike.
And another man and child.
Behind him.
OK, then I see.
A man with.
Something in his hand.
I don't know what that is. Ohh.
Pocket watch. Hmm. OK, he's
looking at the time.
Then he looks up.
With the pocket watch to his
hand.
He looks at the big clock.
On the street.
Then he pulls out a book.
And starts to read it.
Umm.
OK, so now he's reading the
book.
Somebody walks up behind him.
And offers some help I guess.
And then um.
Now he has a suitcase in his
hand and he's walking around
crossing the street.
{Other people, the right and
left are two different. They're
2 pages.}
OK, OK. So OK, so goes back to
the clock.
Then he now he's crossing the
street.
And there's people walking
around.
Now he's still walking up the
street.
Uh, looks like it's getting dark
while he still walks up the
street.
And then,
Ohh OK Snow, maybe it's snowing.
So he's looking up in the sky.
Then he goes to touch one of
them.
Something blows his hat off.
And um.
Um, as he picks down and pick up
the hat. His hat.
Umm.
I don't know. I can't see the
very bottom of the screen.
So I don't know if he sees
something or what.
But there's a map.
There's a map. OK, so.
While standing on the map, he he
takes out his book and he's
reading the book.
Some guy sticks his hand out.
To him, and then he starts to
talk to him.
I guess he's trying to.
Communicate with the guy, but he
doesn't speak the language, so
they're still talking, and then
he's pointing to what he's
looking for.
And that's when the man
understands.
Tell him somewhere to go.
And I guess offers to take him
there because he's walking with
some kind of animal in his
backpack.
And the man is following.
#END_arrival_3
OK, so that was this part of the
story. We'll go on to a complex
scene.
OK.
#START_picture_this OK, these
are.
Framed portraits, so I see a.
A dragon.
Fish.
Uh, a man stepping on somebody
else's back.
Umm.
Hmm, let me see.
Dog, I guess.
Um.
I don't know what that is. Two
people.
Umm.
And I see a picture of two guy
or some people laying down while
another guy's throwing water on
them.
Um.
Two people wearing a hat.
That connects to each other.
Umm.
A bear's talking to somebody.
Uh.
A cowboy.
A man with a grass skirt.
Another man carrying something
and stepped on somebody.
Umm.
Um, OK, a clown.
Um.
Two people walking and I see
pictures of just.
Somebody's head, then here's a
full body picture, full body
picture.
This is like somebody's
grandmother.
Picture they're all pictures.
This is a snowball. This one
looks like a a man.
Who got rolled up into a
snowball.
Um.
Then you got one green person
and one red, but they look like
they were in costumes, two
people. This person is.
Ohh, one guy's leaning backwards
and the other one's leaning
forward.
Then I see a cat, a camel.
Um, somebody pushes somebody in
a wagon.
Or wheelbarrow, or whatever that
is.
And um.
I see a man and a woman with a
like a caveman's outfit.
Two-head fish.
Uh.
These two people dancing and
singing.
Then I see somebody who sees the
skeleton of dinosaur and gets
scared.
This is a dog fish, looks like.
More people. Somebody carrying a
backpack and a giraffe.
Um.
Somebody with a
I don't know, like one of those
old general hats.
What else?
Somebody's hand with some.
Writing on it, I guess on each
finger.
Umm.
What else? A man leaning up
against a tree.
With somebody looking at him,
watching hom do this. I see
another dragon.
Looking at some man.
Hmm.
I don't know, 2 gladiators.
Uh.
A guy with big muscular legs.
And.
Oh, three mus, not three
musketeers. Look like they're
three stooges.
Um.
That's all I can think of. I
mean, that's all, you know.
#END_picture_this
That was good.
So next we have another complex
scene.
OK.
#START_unfriendly_giants OK,
these are giants.
And OK, I see a
A castle.
One guy, I think he's drunk.
Ohh.
And um.
Back in the back, it looks like
some guy just cut down a tree. I
see a windmill.
Another guy with striped
stockings on.
Another windmill in the back.
Umm.
OK, another guy carrying a tree.
Then I see a guy with flowers
trying to give it to some woman,
but I don't think she's real.
And then over here is another
guy trying to give, uh trying to
kiss an unreal woman.
And.
And then you have a giant with
people in his belt.
Umm.
And normal size people, I guess
trying to go in the house or
standing around the house.
And um.
Then you got people drinking
from straws while another person
behind them is singing, looks
like.
And.
Regular sized people standing on
some kind of.
A tall thing, getting ready to
hit him in the head with a
mallet.
A man, I don't know if he's mad,
looks mad.
And then there's another guy
that looks puzzled.
And then you got some regular
sized people.
And houses.
And.
A man with.
Hmm.
I don't know if this is.
Well, people.
Trying to give one to the other
guy.
Ohh, a chess board. That's what
they are. They're playing chess,
but with.
The pieces are shaped like
people, OK.
Yeah, well, the other guy's
looking.
And.
That's pretty much it.
#END_unfriendly_giants
OK.
So moving on to the next one,
we've got a story that is about
6 pages.
#START_arrival_6 OK, I see a a
vase.
And now I see a bird.
Carrying something to it.
And.
Here, he's putting whatever he's
carrying in the vase in the
vase.
Then this guy's walking down.
{Oops, oops, I forgot. That's a
that's it's page. Page. OK, OK
and} OK, here. He's sitting at
his desk.
Um, with the vase right there
writing something and I see a
lamp.
Then he now he's in the process
of writing something and I think
that's money on the table.
Now he's folding up the.
The piece of paper he just wrote
something on.
And and shaping it into a bird.
Then he puts it in an envelope
with the money.
Seals it and puts the stamp on
it.
Now he's walking down.
To the mailbox I take it, with
with his pet, whatever that is
and.
Oh, he's. I guess he's asking
this woman where's the nearest
mailbox?
And so he finds it.
And now he's reading the sign on
the mailbox. Then he drops it
into the mailbox.
And looks up.
And then here he.
The mailbox takes off.
With a balloon and I see the
leaves all around and this man
and his pet. I guess they're
walking back to the room.
OK, so now I see a leaf.
And here it looks to be raining,
and the leaf is torn in the
middle. And this. And now it's
torn even. Oh, wait, no.
now
it's pouring even more with the
with the little thing in the
middle.
Now it's uh has started, the
ends are curled up, and the.
Thing that's that was in the
middle was standing up straight.
And or straightening up. Now
it's standing up straight.
And.
Looks like the leaves are about
to wither and that thing is
turning into something. So now
the leaves fall off.
With the flower left on it.
Um.
Now now, looks like the leaves
have.
Disintegrated altogether and the
flower's growing more.
Now you or tree, now you have
birds flying around it.
And.
Looks like it's blown to.
Capacity and now this one. The
wind comes along, blows all the.
The fur, the leaves or furry
things, whatever those are.
And this is it. Um, I'm assuming
that seasons are changing, so.
So this thing is.
Is um.
Hmm. The leaf, I mean, yeah,
it's it's getting ready to
things are falling off. So here.
You have something that's
growing on each individual.
Whatever that is.
And now birds are coming around.
Looked like some type of seeds.
Here the seeds look like they
are.
Fully grown, then they fall off
ground.
And then animals can eat it.
Now it's getting ready to die,
looks like. And here it's dying
more, and here it's the flower
itself is starting to.
Disintegrate and then here even
more so.
And eventually.
All the green stuff has come
off.
But the the outline of it is
still there and then here.
I don't know. It's snowing, I
guess. Oh yeah, the first it's
started to snow. OK, now it's
snowing.
OK.
OK, I see a building with a lot
of windows.
Umm.
That looks like a boat with the
stacks.
Or boat?
I guess that's a boat, yeah.
And um.
Another building.
Umm.
On the ground I see people
walking around.
And.
On this side I see buildings,
different shapes inside and and
heights.
And um.
On the ground I see.
Hmm, something ohh those flowers
that we just saw.
Hmm.
And yeah, OK, OK, I'm finished.
Then here we have a vase.
Where and and this.
Uh.
Flying object, whatever that is.
Is um.
Ohh birds, baby birds. He's
bringing, she's bringing
something to feed them.
OK, so now in this in the big
picture.
You have the guy looking at his,
his the picture of his family.
I'm going to take it he misses
them and.
Papers on the wall.
His coat or something hanging
up, socks.
Um.
I see a bookcase, a desk and
chairs, his slippers.
I don't know what this is on the
floor. It's like some kind of
dish, a lamp on the table,
books.
And here I see that his little
pet, whatever it's called.
And he's asleep. He wakes up.
Then he jumps down off of
whatever he was on.
And so now the man is looking,
wondering where he's running to.
He ran down the ladder. So the
man went down the ladder to see.
And here it was. A letter.
Yep. So he picks up the letter.
Opens it up.
Reads it.
And now he's happy because
whoever he wrote to responded to
him. Hmm.
OK, now you got another paper.
Ornament.
Um.
Here.
I don't know what this is. Look
like dishes, but then it also
looks like a like maybe a
furnace or something. Anyway,
hat and coat.
And a bowl full of something.
And a picture, a drawing of a
boat.
And something else.
And a child's drawing. OK, and
then this thing is.
I don't know what this is.
Anyway, then a cup of coffee.
Maybe that's a coffee grinder,
coffee maker or something. Then
he pours himself a cup of
coffee.
The picture of him and his wife
and kids and then he gives.
Somebody.
Looks like a pocket watch. It
looks like I I see numbers, a
face like a clock.
Hmm.
OK, here is him and his wife and
kid.
Sitting at the table eating. OK
Oh yeah, he's handing that to
her.
So and then the pet.
So I take that mean that he's
back home and then somebody's
putting on their boots, the
girl.
She reaches down and gets her
hat from this pet.
Puts it on.
Um runs off the house.
Runs down the steps.
And she's pointing at something.
And now she's trying to touch
something. Something in the air.
#END_arrival_6
OK, that was this part of the
story.
OK, um.
Give me a few minutes cause you
finish the items that I put
together. So just give me like 3
minutes, I'll put the rest of
them together, OK?
Hey, now we have another complex
scene.
#START_make_a_splash OK, looks
like they're at a water park.
Umm.
I see people going down slides.
And Umm.
Let me see.
Yeah, some of them are in
clothes, some of them aren't.
I see an elephant.
With water coming out it's nose,
trunk.
And um.
People in the water.
On a on right, on rafts.
And then I see people on this
ground.
In the grass, laying on
blankets.
And some people are standing
around looking.
Somebody has one of those big
super soakers.
They're shooting water at some
guy.
And oh, I see the lifeguard
sitting.
In her chair.
And.
And then here I see a big giant
slide that that ends in the
water. A boat.
That the kids can play on.
And um.
A dragon I guess, blow up thing
where water is coming out of its
mouth.
Then you have people.
Grown people. Uh, standing
around in the water talking.
Then I see some bushes.
With a girl and a guy, I guess
she's helping him.
Yeah, because they they look
like they're holding hands and.
Um.
Some kind of.
Looks like a snake, toy snake
with the kids riding it.
And what else? More slides.
And um.
That's it, trees.
And.
Yeah, that's it.
#END_make_a_splash
Hmm.
So we've got this story here,
around 11 pages.
OK.
#START_flowerman This story uh.
I see a car that ran off the
embankment there.
I'm assuming she was in it, so
she got out, little old lady,
and she's walking across the
bridge. I see a bridge, I see
some kind of animal walking with
her.
Set at night, Street lights on.
It's in this winter time because
I see snow and also see no
leaves on the tree.
I see a gas station.
A Ferris wheel.
Circus tent.
A bar.
And a bait shop.
And other buildings.
And um.
Yeah.
Hmm.
OK, so now she's walking.
Her and her cat or dog, whatever
it is. Some guy is looking out
the window.
In the attic.
And you got somebody on top of
the.
Building and then.
People inside the house
upstairs.
And um.
Then you got a a guy over here,
he looks like he's arguing with
somebody.
And.
The top of some houses.
And then over here you got um.
Somebody's on a motorcycle cafe.
A statue, something on a horse.
A car, a truck, some guy driving
the truck and.
In the back of this House you
have somebody standing on the
balcony.
And.
Then in this House you can see
all the rooms.
Um with people in them, cafes,
cafe and.
And that's all. And I see two
picture, 2 buildings in the
back, but I can't tell what they
are.
OK here.
The The the lady.
Well, I think it's the lady or
man anyway, walking down the
street past the.
pass the building with a guy
sitting in front.
Coca-Cola sign. Upstairs you got
somebody sitting. Looks like a
kitchen.
And their cat on the window
sill, a clock, Street lights. I
see a man and a woman.
Peeping around a building.
And Umm.
OK, House for sale, houses for
sale.
And then I see another building.
The people in it and you, you
know, you can see the people.
And this one, some lady is
walking in with the groceries
and upstairs the man is like
he's painting and then on the
third floor.
Hmm.
I don't know what he's doing.
Kinda look like a burglar.
Like he got a mask on or
something. Yeah. Yeah. OK, yeah.
So then down on the street
again.
Some guy sitting by a fountain
that's not on.
And then there's some little kid
is next to him.
And then you got two guys
standing on the corner talking
and.
Um Street lights, of course.
Fire hydrant.
Umm.
And.
Some little kid.
A little kid is doing something.
Hmm.
That's all.
OK, now it's daylight again, so.
Now everybody is out and about.
This guy is a climbing is on a
ladder fixing his shingles on
his house.
Um.
Oh, you got a guy riding a
motorcycle. Somebody end up with
a broken leg and then
wheelchair.
Um.
Some little girl look like she's
running.
The mailman, I mean, not
mailman, milkman when they used
to deliver milk, OK.
A heavyset woman. Heavyset man.
Somebody is sitting on the.
Leaned up against the banister
and you got 2 girls talking.
Upstairs is a guy with a fan.
Same guy with a fan and.
And next door to them is another
house.
That two people are sitting on a
step.
And.
And over there you have an old
man standing at the door. Same
fountain. It's not on, no water
in it.
Hmm.
That's it.
OK, here you I see.
I'll see you tele, yeah
telescope on top of this house
over here and.
I guess that's the tree.
And the next house is.
You know, people in the windows.
Then down here it's a house with
a purple.
Roof.
The the old guy that was fixing
this, the shingle is fixed.
And he's going somewhere.
And uh.
Oh yeah, the burglar sitting
there.
And you got the two girls.
And another person on a
motorcycle.
Um.
Then a picture of a redhead girl
with a blue skirt, yellow top.
And um.
And there's two people sitting
in a doorway.
You can see the mailboxes.
Um, now the guy that was
painting is sitting out on the.
Outside the window, I guess
getting some air. And there's
the milkman again.
And you gotta see somebody
pushing one of those.
Um, ice cream things. A freezer
that keeps ice cream and.
And that's it. Just people
sitting in the yeah, OK.
Now.
Everything is in, well, just
about everything's in color, so.
Same people standing around. The
clock or the clock is.
Clock is there but it's not
showing the time like it was.
Then you got a guy in the
clown's uh nose.
Then down here you get people. I
don't know what they're doing.
They're looking into something.
And then you got the old man
again, talking to another little
girl.
And a heavyset guy like he's
holding flowers.
Yeah, little blonde girl walking
down the street.
And.
Over here you got a woman that
looks sad and.
The heavyset man with the fan
still.
And the guy with the paint?
And the people sitting on the
stoop.
Oh somebody's move, either
moving.
Or somebody either moving in or
moving out.
Umm.
Still see the milk man.
And that's it. Just other people
walking around.
OK.
Now I see the milkman dancing in
the street with some lady.
Clock has hands on it now.
Umm, there's a guy playing the
guitar.
There's the milk truck.
Heavyset Lady. Man in the
wheelchair. Little girl with the
red hair.
The old man it was fixing his
window is now barbecuing and I
guess.
I don't know is there's an older
woman bringing out some.
Bringing something out to him on
a tray, and then you have a boy
with his dog.
And I guess a ball and talking
to two other guys. Then over
here you have a.
A man with a hat on.
A person sitting on a steps.
Another person leaned up against
the banister. A red fire
hydrant.
Little redhead girl with the
blue skirt.
Paintings.
And a orange car. OK, now
there's water in the fountain,
so some guy's wading in the
fountain.
And.
You still see the painter, the
painter and then
Some kind of cart.
Then the guy with the nose. The
clown's nose.
And.
That's it.
OK, now a milk truck.
is still there.
Um.
It's getting dark, so people are
putting their lights on. There's
a man up there to telescope with
a little girl.
And Umm.
I see somebody's TV is on.
And.
What else?
Oh, the house now has a for sale
sign. It might always was there,
I just didn't see it. And
there's a dog.
Then there's a guy and a girl
sitting, heavyset lady.
uh sitting there talking. OK,
then you got the this looks like
a fruit cart.
And.
You got the guy in the
wheelchair.
Kids playing around.
Water still in the fountain.
Uh.
A heavyset lady going up into
the house.
Umm.
And then you got, oh, a girl and
a guy on the roof.
Uh, this one house. Then you got
a heavyset guy on the roof.
And that's it.
OK here.
The tops of the houses. There's
a guy in the window of this
house.
A guy upstairs in the attic of
this house.
Um.
OK, then you got a guy and a
lady.
And.
And this house
Purple.
Or blue roof.
And um.
What is oh blue and white window
at the very top. And then here,
You just got a house with people
in it down here, there's.
A man on a motorcycle. He's
handing something to another guy
while the other guys is standing
there. Some guy's leaned up
against this building. There's a
cat on the roof over here.
And.
And and and on this, in this
House, you can see the people
standing on their balcony.
Look like they're look like the
little boy's praying and.
What else?
That's it.
OK, here you got houses with
people.
Either looking out the window or
you can just see what they're
doing. Some guy has a chef's hat
on. I see a car.
Um, I see some guy sitting on a.
Fountain with a bottle in his
hand.
And a bulldog.
And over here I see a guy.
With his suitcase, something's
in his hand.
And the and the for sale.
For sale, sign on the House, a
dog.
I see three people, and.
In the window.
And here two people, girl, a
little girl in a and an older
woman looking out the window.
And then this guy down, heavyset
guy, he has a look on his face
like he's surprised, smoking a
pipe.
And that's it.
OK, now you get the heavyset guy
gave this girl a flower.
And here you see the little lady
walking past the and a doorway
and a staircase.
Grass.
Garbage can.
And that's it. Ohh, the guy has
a flower too.
Yeah, OK. #END_flowerman
So that was the story. OK, and
then we'll finish up with a
complex scene.
#START_airport OK, this is a.
Looks like a airport or
something, so you got.
I see a bus.
Where people are getting on.
Airplanes up top.
With a blimp up top.
I see a big giant shoe.
And um.
Something is on the flagpole.
And four I see people, oh, I see
animals going into a airplane.
And then I see a US flag and a
UK flag.
And all kinds of flags on the
world, I don't know what those
are. But then a hot air balloon.
Um.
I see a a bus.
That has that the top is out, so
you can.
Look out. Or or maybe it's a
pickup truck or any something,
but this man is falling out of
it. Then I see a plane with the
ace of spade on it.
Then I see a lot of people with
blue on.
I don't know.
If they work there.
And I see some guy driving.
A like a big giant wagon with
some animals in it and one guy
got boxes in his.
And then inside the airport I
see people standing there
waiting for their luggage.
Or buying tickets at the ticket
desk.
And um.
Yeah, I
OK, one of those sightseeing
buses with the blue people in
it.
And a luggage.
Truck that carries the luggage
from one place to another.
And a forklift.
Yeah.
And Umm.
I guess that's it. #END_airport
OK, hmm.